BASICS
======

1. provide a service to user / application / event subscribe
2. call a service when particular event occurs
3. give a response to subscribed to user / application / event 
   received from the service
4. recall the service if fail occurs


services => A, B, C
users => X, Y, Z
events => I, J, K


Example : 

    X ------> A <------ I
              ^
              |
              external event / user executes the service

    then,

    A --------> X
       |______> I

       A sends the response of that service to X and I


ADVANCED FEATURES
=================

1. Authentication and Security: Implement secure authentication mechanisms such 
as API keys, OAuth, or JSON Web Tokens(JWT) to ensure that only authorized users
can access and use the data transmitted between your service and clients.

2. Webhook Subscription Management: Allow users to easily manage their webhook 
subscriptions. This can include features like creating, updating and deleting 
subscriptions, as well as providing options for configuring subscription 
parameters like event types and filters.

3. Event Filtering and Transformation: Enable users to specify the specific 
events they want to receive notifications for by implementing event filtering 
options. Additionally, provide transformation capabilities to modify the webhook
payloads according to the user's requirements, such as reformatting the data or 
adding additional information.

4. Retry Mechanism: Implement a retry mechanism for failed webhook deliveries. 
If a webhook delivery fails, automatically retry sending the notification at a 
later time to ensure the delivery is successful. Consider implementing 
exponential backoff strategies to avoid overwhelming the recipient system with 
repeated failed requests.

5. Delivery Status and Logging: Provide a way for users to track the status of 
webhook deliveries. This can include providing delivery reports, error 
notifications, and logs that indicate the outcome of each webhook request. It 
helps users identify potential issues and troubleshoot problems with their 
webhook integrations.

6. Rate Limiting and Throttling: Implement rate limiting and throttling 
mechanisms to prevent abuse or excessive usage of your webhook service. This 
helps maintain system stability and ensure fair resource allocation among users.

7. Webhook Redelivery and Replay: Allow users to request redelivery or replay of
specific events or a specific time range. This feature can be useful in 
scenarios where a client misses or loses webhook notifications and needs to 
retrieve them.

8. Webhook Testing and Debugging: Provide tools or interfaces that allow users 
to simulate and test webhook deliveries. This enables users to verify their 
integration before deploying it to a production environment and able in 
troubleshooting any issues they encounter.

9. Documentation and Developer Resources: Offer comprehensive documentation, 
sample code, and tutorials to guide users in integrating with your webhook 
service. Clear and well-structured documentation helps developers understand how
to use your service effectively.

10. Scalability and Performance: Design your webhook service to handle high 
volumes of incoming webhook requests efficiently. Consider using scalable 
infrastructure, implementing caching mechanisms, and optimizing your code to 
ensure optimal performance.